Main Page From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia Jump to: navigation, search Welcome to Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia that anyone can edit. 5,356,795 articles in English Arts Biography Geography History Mathematics Science Society Technology All portals From today's featured article God of War II is a third person action-adventure video game first released on March 13, 2007, and was the last major release for the PlayStation 2. The player controls Kratos, a Spartan warrior who became the new God of War after killing the former, Ares. Kratos is betrayed by Zeus, the King of the Olympian Gods, who strips him of his godhood and kills him. On his way to the Underworld, Kratos is saved by Gaia, who instructs him to find the Sisters of Fate. Acquiring their power, he travels back in time to avert his betrayal and take revenge on Zeus, who is revealed to be his father. The gameplay focuses on combo-based combat and features quick time events that require the player to complete game controller actions in a timed sequence to defeat stronger enemies and bosses. The game also features magical attacks, puzzles, and platforming elements. The fourteenth best-selling PlayStation 2 game of all time, it sold more than 4.24 million copies worldwide. Regarded as one of the best action-adventure games for the platform and noted for its graphics and gameplay, it received several awards, including PlayStation Game of the Year. (Full article...) Part of the God of War franchise series, one of Wikipedia's featured topics. Recently featured: Eta Carinae German–Yugoslav Partisan negotiations Mangrove swallow Archive By email More featured articles... Did you know... Ten Thousand Buddhas Monastery ... that the Ten Thousand Buddhas Monastery (pictured) is not a monastery and actually contains close to 13,000 Buddha statues? ... that after the disappearance of Dora Bloch, Britain cut all diplomatic ties with Uganda? ... that in 17th-century French medicine, hospitals were not staffed by doctors, but mostly by nuns from the Daughters of Charity? ... that in 1945, Lieutenant James B. Thayer and his platoon liberated the Gunskirchen Lager concentration camp, saving thousands of Jewish and political prisoners from starvation? ... that the Somerset building, Wraxall Court, was a house for hundreds of years before becoming a convalescent home, then student residences and then a private house again? ... that Canadian football player Jim Ambrose collapsed during a game and later died due to inflammation of the brain? ... that the unroofing of hundreds of homes by Cyclone Althea in December 1971 prompted Queensland to overhaul its state-wide building codes? ... that while exploring whether a person's name affects the job they choose, Don Celender wrote to a dentist named Toothman and a rectal surgeon named Butts? Recently created articles Start a new article Nominate an article In the news Park Geun-hye South Korea's Constitutional Court removes President Park Geun-hye (pictured) from office. Donald Tusk is re-elected as President of the European Council despite opposition from his home country, Poland. An attack on a hospital in Kabul, Afghanistan, kills 49 people and injures more than 60 others. The Azure Window, a limestone natural arch on the Maltese island of Gozo, collapses during a storm. WikiLeaks begins releasing Vault 7, a series of documents detailing activities of the U.S. Central Intelligence Agency to perform electronic surveillance and cyberwarfare. Ongoing: Battle of Mosul Recent deaths: John Surtees Bill Leak Neila Sathyalingam Howard Hodgkin On this day... March 13: Holi (Hinduism, 2017) Pope Francis 1697 – Nojpetén, capital of the Itza Maya kingdom, fell to Spanish conquistadors, the final step in the Spanish conquest of Guatemala. 1845 – German composer Felix Mendelssohn's Violin Concerto, one of the most popular violin concertos of all time, received its world première in Leipzig. 1954 – Viet Minh forces under Võ Nguyên Giáp opened fire with a massive artillery barrage on the French military to begin the Battle of Dien Bien Phu, the climactic battle in the First Indochina War. 1996 – A gunman killed sixteen children and a teacher at a primary school in Dunblane, Scotland, before committing suicide. 2013 – Francis (pictured) was elected pope, making him the first Jesuit pope, the first from the Americas and the first from the Southern Hemisphere, as well as the first non-European pope in over 1,000 years. Mustafa Reşid Pasha (b. 1800) · Adolf Anderssen (d. 1879) · Odette Hallowes (d. 1995) More anniversaries: March 12 March 13 March 14 Archive By email List of historical anniversaries From today's featured list Blue-and-yellow macaw (Ara ararauna) in flight There are 402 species of parrots, birds that collectively make up the order Psittaciformes. The order is subdivided into three superfamilies: the Psittacoidea ("true" parrots), the Cacatuoidea (cockatoos), and the Strigopoidea (New Zealand parrots). Parrots have a generally pantropical distribution, with several species inhabiting temperate regions in the Southern Hemisphere as well. The greatest diversity of parrots is in South America and Australasia. Of the known parrot species, 387 are extant; the remaining extinct species all went extinct after 1500 C.E. and are thus considered to be recently extinct by the International Union for Conservation of Nature. (Full list...) Recently featured: South Africa women's national cricket team record by opponent Trbutaries of Mahanoy Creek Maya Angelou works Archive More featured lists... Today's featured picture Self-portrait as David with the head of Goliath, a c. 1756 self-portrait by the German artist Johan Zoffany (1733–1810). Born in Frankfurt, Zoffany trained in Italy under Agostino Masucci but found success mostly in England. Early in his career he painted portraits of the royal family, as well as leading actors and members of high society. He later made huge paintings with large casts of people and works of art, such as Tribuna of the Uffizi. Painting: Johan Zoffany Recently featured: Chapel of the Gate of Dawn Wivenhoe Park Micrometer Archive More featured pictures... Other areas of Wikipedia Community portal – Bulletin board, projects, resources and activities covering a wide range of Wikipedia areas. Help desk – Ask questions about using Wikipedia. Local embassy – For Wikipedia-related communication in languages other than English. Reference desk – Serving as virtual librarians, Wikipedia volunteers tackle your questions on a wide range of subjects. Site news – Announcements, updates, articles and press releases on Wikipedia and the Wikimedia Foundation. Village pump – For discussions about Wikipedia itself, including areas for technical issues and policies. Wikipedia's sister projects Wikipedia is hosted by the Wikimedia Foundation, a non-profit organization that also hosts a range of other projects: Commons Free media repository MediaWiki Wiki software development Meta-Wiki Wikimedia project coordination Wikibooks Free textbooks and manuals Wikidata Free knowledge base Wikinews Free-content news Wikiquote Collection of quotations Wikisource Free-content library Wikispecies Directory of species Wikiversity Free learning materials and activities Wikivoyage Free travel guide Wiktionary Dictionary and thesaurus Wikipedia languages This Wikipedia is written in English. Started in 2001 (2001), it currently contains 5,356,795 articles. Many other Wikipedias are available; some of the largest are listed below. More than 1,000,000 articles: Deutsch Español Français Italiano Nederlands 日本語 Polski Русский Svenska Tiếng Việt More than 250,000 articles: العربية Bahasa Indonesia Bahasa Melayu Català Čeština Euskara فارسی 한국어 Magyar Norsk bokmål Português Română Srpski Srpskohrvatski Suomi Türkçe Українська 中文 More than 50,000 articles: Bosanski Български Dansk Eesti Ελληνικά English (simple form) Esperanto Galego עברית Hrvatski Latviešu Lietuvių Norsk nynorsk Slovenčina Slovenščina ไทย Complete list of Wikipedias Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Main_Page&oldid=762066868" Navigation menu Personal tools Not logged in Talk Contributions Create account Log in Namespaces Main Page Talk Variants Views Read View source View history More Search Navigation Main page Contents Featured content Current events Random article Donate to Wikipedia Wikipedia store Interaction Help About Wikipedia Community portal Recent changes Contact page Tools What links here Related changes Upload file Special pages Permanent link Page information Wikidata item Cite this page Print/export Create a book Download as PDF Printable version In other projects Wikimedia Commons MediaWiki Meta-Wiki Wikispecies Wikibooks Wikidata Wikinews Wikiquote Wikisource Wikiversity Wikivoyage Languages Simple English العربية Bahasa Indonesia Bahasa Melayu Bosanski Български Català Čeština Dansk Deutsch Eesti Ελληνικά Español Esperanto Euskara فارسی Français Galego 한국어 עברית Hrvatski Italiano ქართული Latviešu Lietuvių Magyar Nederlands 日本語 Norsk bokmål Norsk nynorsk Polski Português Română Русский Slovenčina Slovenščina Српски / srpski Srpskohrvatski / српскохрватски Suomi Svenska ไทย Tiếng Việt Türkçe Українська 中文 This page was last modified on 26 January 2017, at 12:39. Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License; additional terms may apply. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization. Privacy policy About Wikipedia Disclaimers Contact Wikipedia Developers Cookie statement Mobile view
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Main_Page
